rel: Prepare 2.9.1 release (#1458)
honeycombio/refinery: RELEASE_NOTES.md

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

## Version 2.9.1

> This is a bug fix release and includes the follow change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a bug fix release and includes the following changes:
```
